Now that you've practiced building and instantiating classes,
it's time to put your C++ skills to work.
The final project for this course is to build
a process manager for the Linux operating system.
Linux stores data about the processes running on the system in lots of different files.
You'll read from those files, structure the data,
process it, and then format it for output to the terminal.
This program will require many different classes to
handle different types of data and different tasks.
Some of these classes are related through composition and inheritance.
Some of these classes can be merged by practicing generic programming.
This project is a perfect opportunity to
demonstrate your object oriented programming skills
in C++ and to use what you've
learned to extend the process manager and really make it your own.
I really hope you enjoy this project because once you're done,
it's going to be awesome.